When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    Remote acts as a backup for our work, in case you want to share your work or collaborate with other
    members / people it's easier to use remote rather than every time the person you are collaborating with
    has to copy and paste from your computer to theirs and vice-versa.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    If we allow changes to be pulled automatically, it would have caused a lot of conflicts in our codes
    as while we are working git might pull the old version and replaces our new version which we haven't
    pushed it yet, while doing manual pulling helps in keeping things in sync and organised

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Fork is like cloning but in Github only and not on local, clone is making a copy of the repository for
    your own purposes, branches is creating a new branch that is on it's own and all it's commits and push
    don't affect master branch until after being merged.
    Note: Forked repo and cloned repo changes don't affect the original repo's they've been cloned / forked from.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    The benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote is that after you
    have worked on the project (code) while you are offline when u get online it becomes
    easy to merge them (origin/master - remote and master - local)

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Collaboration without using Git or Github it would have been a mess, as everytime you
    update something your colleague must copy your changed file and update his.. then he
    has to send his version to you and pray that you haven't make any other change,
    because if you have done a change then that's just a HUGE MESS and Very hard to collaborate. While Collaborating using Git or Github things are just much more easier and way more fun as you can interact with each other and combine your branches with
    ease.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
