What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
- Git creates an empty repository in a folder the command was executed,
  a directory with a name .git is created

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
- Staging area is the intermediate area in which Git gives us more control over which
  files we need to execute in a single commit, while working directory is where all our 
  files untracked, uncommitted, and committed are stored, it's a working place, and 
  repository is where we keep track of our working directory files including the different
  stages we might want to go back to incase we did something wierd.

What value do you think it offers?

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
- Use git status to know which file you have changed logically, then use
  git add filename and when you commit now all the other files you made changes to
  won't be commited as their not in the staging area allowing one commit per logical
  change

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
- Branches helps in situations where you want to add another feature into the program you
  developing and at the same time that feature is experimental and you don't want to change
  the master branch for that matter.
  It makes it easy to have different versions of the same code and later merge them 
  together with ease.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
- Diagrams helps to view the projects history and where each of the brach starts and 
  where master is, so when switching from one branch to another branch becomes easy and
  also merging also becomes easy.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
- Merging two branches combines the feature/bug fix branch to the master branch and all
  changes added into the feature/bug fix code will be imported to the current master branch
  and are inserted / sorted based on timestamps

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
- Pros of using git automatic merging is when the branch and master doesn't conflict
  of interest in the code meaning the code that are added from branch to master has no
  other version of it in master-> happens smoothly and no hassle to figure out which code
  to keep and which to remove like manual merging
- Cons of using automatic merging is that you lack the flexibility of keeping a certain
  version of the code you want as git is not smart enough to detect which code runs better
  and under which circumstances